what's up everybody I'm Vince the bunny
welcome to my channel today I'm going to
take you through a short video here on
how to contract your locks stronger this
is going to be a great tip for any of
you guys that complain about I can't
feel my lats when I train I can't get my
laughs to grow if that's the case most
likely don't have a solid mind to muscle
contraction or you're doing things in
your bath exercises that are helping you
to perform the primary function on the
lap one of them being extending the
shoulder back here okay so this is the
function of your lap to flex it and to
extend it so if we're applying this to
our back training we want to think how
can extend my shoulder through this
movement so on a lap pull down we want
to think about bringing this bumper arm
here behind us so down and back down and
back
alright a lot of people what they do is
they pull down and they like turn their
wrists and they don't actually fully
shorten their lap further so let me give
you guys a little variation of the way a
lot of people do their pull downs with
one arm and they're not really a way to
get a better contraction so one way to
do this with an overhand grip and with
an overhand grip you only be able to get
down so large is it the angle okay and
this is great it's not wrong nothing bad
about this but if you really want to
contract your lats earlier and shorten
them when we pull down we can come into
an underhand grip and that will bring
your bicep into the picture and it will
help you pull through more into
shoulders
okay that makes sense guys so notice by
turning them into an underhand grip I'll
be able to get my shoulder back further
and then able to contract my lap harder
really simple stuff guys a couple other
things on this exercise make sure you
stay locked out I see a lot of guys they
come down and then they twist their body
now did you actually extend your elbow
back further no you just turned your
body I mean other thing people do is
they come down and they go like this
with the wrist did you bring your elbow
back further or no so you're not really
doing anything for your lats
you just wasted energy that's not going
towards your goal building a bigger back
so with this exercise underhand grip
pull down and back without changing
anything else in your trunk or body
position simple enough alright guys get
to it try that out tonight at the gym or
tomorrow and let me know how your back
is feel and I promise if you do I visit
the start of your back workout I would
say do four sets of twelve and then each
week bring the reps down so next week
four sets of ten and then the week after
four sets of eight and then on the
fourth week you four set to six so bring
the weights down the reps down slowly
and you can crease the weight a bit but
don't sacrifice a contraction for
heavier loads until you can get it
through a full range of motion
alright guys gets to